It's all the same. Although currently you are like me.
Find a building among people like Linshao.
What were you looking for this morning?
Don't beg me later.
Ermai, both you and Lei Shao.
I'm following Lin Shao. love at first sight,
He said he only loves me.
He, he is your third sister.
It used to be Linshao. He has now been misplaced.
Why didn't I hear you talking about me? This is not someone else’s lover.
Oops, Lei Shao just knows that you were mistakenly strong.
Don't mention him. Linshao.
I defrauded that piece of land worth 3.5 billion.
He sold you and your brother for 2 billion
People have already run away now
This is about your emperor winning.
Ning Jiao’s strong back is in charge of me
Ningjiang Pavilion
If I cut it off for you
Half of those who taught Ning suffered from him.
That's real people killing people
Can be more lethal
You guys have to help me.
I don’t want Lu Yuqing’s red and green crystal now
Don't worry, I'm in the process
I will make Lu Yuqing and Ye Hui disappear
Isn't this a little too cruel?